Documentation and release note changes for Astronomer CLI 0.27.2 (#308)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/cli-reference.md

### Usage

> Run `astro dev logs [flags]` to start tracking logs for your Scheduler, Webserver, or Triggerer in your CLI terminal window.

Reviewer: Should we also mention the `Triggerer` container in `astro dev start` section as well?

## astro dev start

> Initializes a local Airflow environment on your machine by creating a Docker container for each of Airflow's core components:
> 
> - Postgres
> - Scheduler
> - Webserver
> - Triggerer (only when using deferrable operators)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Initializes a local Airflow environment on your machine by creating a Docker container for each of Airflow's core components:

- Postgres
- Scheduler
- Webserver
- Triggerer

:::info

Logs for the Airflow Triggerer will only show for local environments using Deferrable Operators and running Astronomer Certified 2.0+.

:::
```
